I"¸<p>Friday 3rd February STORY SUPPER event is now ‚ÄúSOLD OUT‚Äù. Please do not arrive without your Ticket. It‚Äôs going to be great for the crac.</p>

<p>National Storytelling Week, item 3.    On Thursday 2nd February, there is a normal if paired-back Story Circle evening at Chewton Mendip Village Hall as usual. Hoping to see regular friends and new visitors‚Ä¶.these evenings are free. Although some of you may well choose to opt out if your coming to Fridays BIG EVENT, see item 2 below. If there are fewer numbers then it will be all the more intimate, friendly and a great opportunity to try out telling a story if you haven‚Äôt done so before.</p>

<p>NATIONAL STORYTELLING WEEK, item 2.    On Friday 3rd February, Mendip Storytelling Circle is holding it‚Äôs first STORY SUPPER. 8.00 pm at Farrington Gurney Memorial Hall, BS39 6TY. Entry by ticket, purchased in advance only. Price ¬£12.50. Tickets are going fast ‚Ä¶ indeed like hot cakes! Only a few left.</p>

<p>Stories told by The Quartet the four local organisers of the Circle. Live, traditional music and a three course supper, the main course being hot. Cash bar on site, plenty of free off road parking. Avoid disappointment. Get your tickets now from Colin Emmett 07510 699 046.</p>

<p>NATIONAL STORYTELLING WEEK, item 1  Begins Sunday 29th January with the phenomenal Debs Newbold performing her one woman retelling of Shakespeare‚Äôs MACBETH, at Victoria Hall, Radstock at 7.30 pm. Debs has received rave reviews and plaudits for her work in Theatre, Theatre Education and workshops across the nation including from the Hay-on-Wye Festival, The Globe Theatre and Towersey Festival. This is the third in her cycle of Shakespearian stories. Last years King Lear was ‚Äúsold out‚Äù, people had to be turned away from the door, and the performance received a standing ovation. Don‚Äôt delay, buy your tickets now. Box Office: vhradstock.co.uk or telephone: 01761 438885.</p>

<p>Next storytelling circle Thursday 2nd February followed on the 3rd February with our grand Story Supper (with music) for National Storytelling Week. See or telephone Colin for tickets 0751 069 9046.  Entry by Ticket in advance only at this one-off event. ¬£12.50 Farrington Gurney Memorial Hall (village hall), Church Lane BS39 6TY.</p>

<p>Circle Meeting 5th January, was especially rewarding with some brilliant storytelling: First on was Martin with a ‚Äúshaggy dog‚Äù tale about being stuck in the mud during WW1.  Next came Lesley with a shopkeeping twist on reducing anger in our communications.  Third up was Jem with an Anancy story involving bean stew!  Then came Hazel with an exhausting one woman/four characters pantomime about George and the Dragon.  This was followed by Lisa and an unusual story about the creation of day, night and time.  Colin came next with a jocular tale of the Devils Portion.  Janet followed this with another, what I took to be, African Story involving a child with foresight and the great Marimba.  Then Sharon telling a physically demanding Trickster story involving a demon. First time storytelling then came from Anne, who called on her experience of living for a time in Egypt to tell a GOHA story (we sometimes know these under another middle eastern characters name Mullah Nasruddin).  Terence then followed this with a story for Epiphany, a last chance to reflect on Christmas, with the legend of Babushka who is late following the Magi. Then the evening was rounded off with George singing a very funny and fishy variation on the Hippopotamus song ‚ÄúSquid,Squid‚Äù.</p>

<p>A Somerset Story Supper, hosted by our Circle and being held at Farrington Gurney Memorial  (Village) Hall on Friday 3rd February. Part of National Storytelling Week.    Hot Food, Stories and Music from 7.30 pm.   Tickets in advance from Colin 01275 332735 or 0751 069 9046 . Price ¬£12.50 per person.</p>

<p>Debs Newbold is returning to the Victoria Hall Radstock on Sunday 29th January 7,30pm in her new one-woman version of Shakespeare‚Äôs ‚ÄúMACBETH‚Äù. This is a must-see show for all lovers of theatre and story. Those of you who have seen her two previous shows in Radstock: Romeo &amp; Juliet, and King Lear will know what a brilliant, dynamic performer Debs is and how she can make those familiar stories of Shakespeare breath with fresh life. For anyone who doubts that Shakespeare can be either entertaining or even understandable, come and see Debs and prepare to be astonished.</p>

<p>Thursday 8th December&gt; Regular monthly meeting of the Circle at Chewton Mendip Village Hall BA3 4LL.            As promised, this meeting of the circle was a ‚Äúcracker‚Äù with real Christmas crackers and chocolate money! Janet got us off to a great start with the story of Van Amsterdam and the origin of the Bakers Dozen. Jem then came on with a story about Father Christmas‚Äôs donkey. Hazel followed with not one, but three of her self penned verses: 1) a Mouse at Christmas 2) A poignant verse about a Soldier and 3) The Christmas Fairy‚Äôs Lament. Martin did his ‚Äúvery short story‚Äù, I think a total of nine words long. Mike did the first of several jokes. Terence told the English traditional ‚Äúfairy story‚Äù The Rose Tree. Sharon did a physically demanding story about a King who wanted a champion grasshopper. Colin told a version of ‚ÄúThe Cracked Pot‚Äù Matt a Chinese set story about redistributive justice and a Shed! Jem did another story about a ‚ÄúSilvery Gift‚Äù from that prolific storyteller Duncan Williamson. And finally George finished the evening off by reciting a poem by Robert Service ‚ÄúThe Cremation of Sam McGee‚Äù.</p>
:ET